== Welcome to Katmeer!

This is going to be the best project ever! But here are some quick project/git guidelines!


== Project Annotation:

There are some important things to remember in terms of annotating our code to make it more legible:

1. Major blocks, classes, and files should be annotated accordingly.
2. There's no need to explain changes in a readme:
  1. Git has its own information system! If you click on "Commits," you can see all the changes made in each commit.


== Version Control with Git:

We should have a very consistent way of controlling versions of the project to keep things neat and functional. Having to revert back to older commits is inevitable, so let's be sure to understand what's what :) Here's a system I think works:

= When starting a new concept (User model for example)
  1. Create and work on a new branch for that components
  2. Commit to that branch often.
  3. When the branch is fully functional, without errors (especially in the database!), merge with master branch. 
  4. Push to the server only when the system is functional. --> the reason is that DBs can be funky with git <--

= Naming
  1. Branch names and commit names are pretty straightforward. Descriptive, and can be long: as long as everything is clear!

= Pull from github before starting work (this way we're on the same page, if new components have been built, etc.)


== Important Notes!

This section is for important information, should we come across any!

= Github Cheatsheet: http://www.git-tower.com/files/cheatsheet/Git_Cheat_Sheet_grey.pdf